so this is the idea page. if i cant talk to you guys right now, or i'm gone for what ever reason.
i'll place my thoughts here, and you guys can let me know what you guys want to do later.

lab objective:
  - a car comes into the wearhouse, we need to detect it at particular intervals to notify us

  - then the car will park in a specific location. OUR car, need to pick up the payload 
    within the truck and drive it around some obsitcles. 

  - next we need to elevate the payload from the car onto a platform 
    (note we cannot put anything on the platform)

CAR IDEAS:
we already know the car will have motors, that is a given. grabbing the payload is the issue

  - CRANE: we can make a crane of sorts, connecting two servos. one to rotate the crane,
    the other to activate the crane. 
    1) CRANE-PULLY SYSTEM, where gravity does most of the work.
      (down side, if the payload weighs too much, the friction and normal force will be out done
      by the weight of the payload, causing the payload to fall.)

    2) CRANE-MECHANICAL CLAW, where we have the servo connected 
      to gears, which is then attatched to the claw
      (this is a study option, it may solve the issue of the payload falling because
      the gears would force it to not open. however depending on the weight, 
      it may destroy the servo)

  - TREBUCHET: perhaps we can skip the obstacles entirely, creating a trebuchet of sorts
    to launch to payload onto the elevated surface.
    (this may work, but will need constant testing and you need to 
    understand projectile motion, a physics topic)


ELEVATION IDEAS:
for the elevator, this also depends on what you want to do. there are different ways to do this
  - SIMPLE ELEVATOR, seems like servos will not be enough here, considering the height. 
    but motors can work, though a bit iffy, but possible. just need a frame, with a motor at the
    top. and the motor will rotate to push up or down the elevator system.

  - again perhaps we can skip the elevation entirely and use a trebuchet.

  - we can go back to the crane idea, and make an elevated crane. where once it reaches the
    platform, we can have the crane elevate upwards. 
    (though, i may not have enough motor pins for adding an extra motor for the car)

  - PULLY SYSTEM. now, we would need to have a sensor to check
    if there is an object in front. then it triggers a system, like a servo or a motor, 
    or something to move the counter weight and move the payload up.
  

NOTE:
there does not seem to be a shield in the kit, nor other major circuit boards other than the 
red board, and the ardumoto board. meaning we can't make a wireless controller. 
has to be autonomus.
meaning, we either need the code to plan out everything. having the result always be the same. 
or have the sensors help determine whats going on, and code the path it wants to take.



